Graduate ElasticIndexedJob to GA (#46991)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/job.md

### Elastic Indexed Jobs

> {{< feature-state feature_gate_name="ElasticIndexedJob" >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.31" state="stable" feature_gate_name="ElasticIndexedJob" >}}
```

Reviewer 2: The existing content `{{< feature-state feature_gate_name="ElasticIndexedJob" >}}` is accurate. We can check the [Build Preview link (here)](https://deploy-preview-46991--kubernetes-io-main-staging.netlify.app/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/job/#elastic-indexed-jobs) to see how it renders. 

For information on using the `feature-state` shortcode, refer to the [documentation (here)](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/hugo-shortcodes/#feature-state-retrieval-from-description-file).

Reviewer: Oh I see, so it pulls the information from the other file. Neat :)

You can scale Indexed Jobs up or down by mutating both `.spec.parallelism` 

> and `.spec.completions` together such that `.spec.parallelism == .spec.completions`.

Reviewer: Worth adding that, when scaling down, Kubernetes removes the pods with the higher indexes.

Author: thanks, added

### Elastic Indexed Jobs

{{< feature-state feature_gate_name="ElasticIndexedJob" >}}

You can scale Indexed Jobs up or down by mutating both `.spec.parallelism` 
and `.spec.completions` together such that `.spec.parallelism == .spec.completions`. 

> When scaling down the higher indexes are removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When scaling down, Kubernetes removes the Pods with the higher indexes.
```

active voice :)

Author: done
